there are some pieces that everybody
needs to have in their wardrobe and
surprisingly many of them George it
convenient but like enough chunky
statement little pieces bright clothes
where the end of the day what's very
important is classic these classic
pieces like your LBD your white tank top
blue jeans the journey defined no other
looks for example I start with this
laughs you're sure where I start it's so
perfect to start it down short I could
wear to work with a pair of high knees
man I could wear it with jeans with a
bell that clinches my ways I could just
open the buttons were honest and one
shot and head to the beach I can also
pair the highways thought you realize
that I've just mentioned five looks that
you can play around with this one shirt
do you realize how important it is to
have Scylla project a great investment
is a white or a black - don't we all
need is not everyday type I could just
throw this with a good pair of jeans and
sunny knees and try it out and as gonna
create your brand - something very
important as we we need to wear it
it's our a lot of garments to hide the
transparency
who in this world doesn't need a pair of
jeans and very importantly most
important impact of well fitting pair of
jeans this this table French Connection
B's is perfect I could read it just as
it is or I could rule it out and we're
on the beach all through on a time or
short talking a short is so there's so
many ways I can play around whether this
is something that you cannot ignore
when I say the word wardrobe madcap the
first thing that comes to my mind and
I'm sure yours too is the LBD little
black dress pretty much dominates your
entire look lousy job but the great feel
of cocktails party has fun night out
your friends such as the pigtail
this is young perfect answer to
everything
I love this ranch connection down his
knuckles shoulders and slowly they were
large for me and especially this body
theory at the back a not only as
effeminate - we'll also quirks at the
outfit entirely
we are the great investment in our
wardrobes is a great value he went of
movies national at home it's perfect
his wenge close knit cardigan French
Connection is building perfectly
I also love the Cape asymmetrical front
that's giving just given away no girly
defines your
this season's back collection is
thanking my French connections favorite
collection ever I love all the bags and
I wouldn't hesitate even one second to
make any advances I especially love this
woven bag it's perfect to work I could
just do what my document
high-five in fact it's so huge even I
could fit inside
snakeskin Dropbox clash it's very
versatile as you can wear as a sling and
you can carry it around a bit crash I
agreed a little small but it's very cute
and it adds proportions your night out
my favorite bag
we've seen statues ruling the market all
over the world would not carry wealth
and French Connection is 12 x12 have the
gold detailing and I would carry
everywhere I would not concentrate to
use it only as well
anyway